Add extlinks for Launchpad + contrib update (#129)
ubuntu/ubuntu-project-docs: docs/contributors/contribute-docs.md

: Linux package name (this role is custom to this documentation project).

### Special roles for links

> The documentation project defines the following custom roles for simplifying add links to various resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The documentation project defines the following custom roles to simplify adding links to various resources.
```
